This GitHub Repo is for Composing Digital Media fall semester of 2021. Included in this repository are screenshots of the images used within my project and my final-for-now project on Gimp as well as a source list. My visual argument depicts the 4 different types of bullying and aims to inform the viewer of them as well as serve as an anti-bullying visual aid. I wanted to use a group of photos from the same series in order to make the project as cohesive as possible. 
I would argue that the main principles present in my piece are visual rhythm and visual dominance. In terms of visual rhythm, my use of images from one particular photo shoot involving the same actors how to tell my story of what bullying may look like and contribute to the general cohesiveness of the project. For visual dominance, the focal point of my project lies in the "stop bullying" and no symbol in the center. I purposely made the types of bullying in a smaller, more subtle font to bring attention to the elements in the center of my project.
At first I wanted to make a similar argument against animal testing; I knew those pictures for that type of vision would be controversial and potentially uncomfortable to look at, therefore none of the free image websites that I looked at had any of those types of photos. From there I shifted my focus to an anti-bullying campaign. In my high school especially, I feel like there were a lot of incidents of bullying but no one really talked about it or educated students on the issue so I feel like this project as a poster-type visual will be beneficial in schools in particular. As a poster, I feel like my visual aid will speak to younger audiences in terms of informing them on the different types of bullying and spark the conversation of how bullying can really affect someone.
